Juve Stabia in history with the draw obtained against the Norman party
Mr. Rastelli's team reaches 73 in the standings and exceeds the a
manfredonia that had won me 72 in the 2004 2005 season by establishing
hillary new record as regards the points won in the second
group c division before the race also the president of the Norman versa
spezzaferri wanted to celebrate the victory of the dress by delivering one
plaque remember the president egidio we immediately send to actions worthy of
chronicle of this meeting a cast of fountain from the right for
anticipates iorio falla that is printed on the crossbar to the tenth tarantino ago
go crazy sulfur on the right crosses to the center for avenue bar that head
spear knight juve stabia 1 aversa normanna 0 best is mantaggio third goal
consecutive for the bombardier stabiese vincenzo varriale at the sixteenth reply
the Norman connoisseur of criaco supports for rinaldi a right-footed shot
internal hard beat a few seconds after digo raid put on the left
ball cut for tarantino that arrives late to the appointment with the
gorilla at the 22nd the same tarantino serves in the pelted corridor that goes into
area and makes rider 2 to 0 dry for juve stabia vespe double land for
they replenish the record with regard to the throat marked in the second
division by peluso the thirteenth seasonal center at the twenty-fourth
perna gets rid of the joli marking and explodes a right that still ends one
once on the crossbar at the 29th parma free and biaco within the area of
rigor laterza shortens the distances having 1 giu this has two goals
of the former above the magician Gaetano grieco to the 32nd the same Greek goes vertically
for ambini that anticipates doriano but centers the pole to the thirty-fourth
again or inclusion of herin in the penalty area before dorian and then straight find
stopping the carom ball on the feet of perna that stops the same
a2a at the end of the first 45 minutes of the game but we go on to the quilava shooting
it will be very little to say to the seventh Tarantino in depth to vary that
free the sinister little ball of the 22nd pistil rejects doriano perna
head saves on the gritti line to the 25th gomes
if he tries with the left ball just wide on the 33rd side of tony
ripper has been his header shot into a corner from rights ends
here in practice the meeting ends 2 a 2 Norman cross and Giove Stabia
obviously seeing matches but the two companies are playing them out of the
playing field with Juve Stabia, who is looking for partners to go ahead with the same thing
for the president of the cabbage breaker